Spring 2026 Update (#53)
mphowardlab/mphowardlab.github.io: _members/israel-amusan-aanuoluwa.md

---
name: Aanuoluwa Amusan Israel
image: images/israel-amusan-aanuoluwa.jpg
role: phd-student
links:
  email: aia0017@auburn.edu
education:
  - Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), B.Sc. Chemical Engineering

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> Aanuoluwa joined the lab in 2025. His research uses computer modeling to understand, and develop a new framework for the self-assembly of colloidal films with composition gradient. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aanuoluwa joined the lab in 2025. His research uses particle-based modeling and
machine learning to understand the self-assembly of colloidal-particle coatings
with composition gradients.
```
